8.7.0-alpha4 Release Notes (#4934)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/release-notes/870.md

| ---------------------- | ---------------------------- | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ |
| 8 April 2025           | 13 October 2026              | -            | -            | -            |

## 8.7.0-alpha4

| Release date     | Changelog(s)                                                                                                                                                                               | Blog                                                                                          |
| :--------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 11 February 2025 | <ul><li>[ Camunda 8 core ](https://github.com/camunda/camunda/releases/tag/8.7.0-alpha4)</li><li>[ Connectors ](https://github.com/camunda/connectors/releases/tag/8.7.0-alpha4)</li></ul> | <!-- [Release blog](https://camunda.com/blog/2025/02/camunda-alpha-release-february-2025) --> |

> ### BPMN copilot <span class="badge badge--long" title="This feature affects SaaS">SaaS</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### BPMN Copilot <span class="badge badge--long" title="This feature affects SaaS">SaaS</span>
```
Something to check with @christinaausley - I think there were some conversations around whether this should be capitalized?

Reviewer 2: https://camunda.slack.com/archives/C047D95HBE2/p1738762354633159

Lowercase copilot -> BPMN copilot

Author: After this conversation, it landed on "Copilot": https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docs/pull/4735#issuecomment-2647837688

Reviewer 2: TY! Clearly a great add for the WCoE

> Thanks to Camunda's integrated BPMN copilot for SaaS, anybody can go from 0 to 80% of a process diagram in minutes. Users can generate process diagrams from natural language descriptions, then collaborate on it with their colleagues. The text interface means that even BPMN novices can make meaningful, accurate diagrams.

Reviewer: I guess we could do with adding some more technical detail here at a later date, but no rush for now - this just reads as very much a PM description, without any 'useful' info on the actual feature.

Author: It's not terribly more descriptive, but I updated this to be less marketing-copy, and added in the new documentation link. 👍

Reviewer: It's better, nice job - adding the docs link helps a lot 🚀

<!-- https://github.com/camunda/product-hub/issues/2511 -->

### Ad-hoc subprocesses

> The new Camunda version supports a new BPMN element: [the ad-hoc subprocess](/components/modeler/bpmn/ad-hoc/ad-hoc.md). This new kind of subprocess allows more flexible process flows with a compact visual representation. It is the first step towards dynamic processes and execution of ad-hoc activities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new [ad-hoc subprocess](/components/modeler/bpmn/ad-hoc/ad-hoc.md) BPMN element is supported. This new kind of subprocess allows more flexible process flows with a compact visual representation. It is the first step towards dynamic processes and execution of ad-hoc activities.
```
